I won't be a great shock if he gets the
job done in style little bit on his toes
in the paddock but he's it was nothing
that too negative and he's very much
settled down at start he's 11 to 10
favor head of cider greasy at 72 that
intention the same price 8 to 1 bar
briefly tactics level rebellion to lead
you would think so
and currently let's introduce our
commentator for the afternoon it's a
warm welcome to Mike Cattermole and
they're off for the racing post are
called trophy trial there's novice chase
over a fast 2 miles here rebel rebellion
and Daryl Jacob come towards the first
13 fences jump it to clear by two
lengths from enugu racing in second
captain Conan's pink jacket is in third
and then the white face of sire the Guru
ji who's just in front of third
intention His Excellency is the only one
with the white face just a little bit
keen on the inside of the course there
for Tom scooter more racing apart from
the other five runners who race more
towards the outside as they come towards
the third fence you know good coming
alongside rebel rebellion now from
captain Conan in third place
hot favorite here on his chase debut
asada grew she took it in fourth and
then third intention and his excellency
two old rivals already here as they take
the next ya been one or two of them
jumping very very safely indeed and
making their way up the hill it's enugu
the leader by a length to rebel
rebellion Daryl Jacob just tracking
James Reeve Lee with Barry Garrity and
third onboard captain cone and making
his public debut today on over the
obstacles that he should excel at and in
fourth place is saya deGruy gee who's
already proven himself at Kempton Park
anyone there
two or three weeks ago His Excellency
still saving ran on the inside and third
intention held up at the back of the
field by Joe Tizard as the runners head
down the hill now towards fence number
six
remember rebellion let's grab back the
initiative again now mistake there by
third intention just pecked on landing
but he's still going well enough as they
approach the water jump rebel rebellion
the leader from enugu on the outside
third captain coincided Russia on the
inner follows and then third intention
and last of all is his excellency the
open ditch coming up to them now the
first one of the race here and hold your
breath are all over it okay in fact they
jumped out particularly well rebel
rebellion the leader then but narrowly
enugu pestering him on the outside as
they go to the last fence on this part
of the course before they turn
left-handed
captain : is doing the job very
efficiently in third place with santa
cruz ii on his inside of these two of
very similar ability over the smaller
obstacles and a third intention his last
of that group of five and his excellency
just moving up the inside there to get a
little bit closer now and they took that
he made a mistake there his Excellency
blunted his way over that fence they
opened it to the top of the hill so they
swing left handed now they've got three
more fences left to take quite a run
before they get to the downhill fancy
rebel rebellion out in front for Daryl
Jacob leads by a length or so now Barry
Garrity moves
captain Conan to his shoulder in second
place Santa Cruz you keeping tabs on
them his excellency keeping up the
inside - nobody wider out then enugu and
third intention and all six of them
going well within themselves as they
come down the hill towards the third
last here rebel rebellions been headed
now captain Conan beginning to assert
his authority led over that narrowly
from Santa Cruz you still full of
running for Jaime more and then on the
inside his excellency his old rival
third intention next rebel rebellion
just a little bit outpaced in new goos
being dropped off the tail they're
making their way down the hill before
they tackle the last two fences here in
the racing post are called trophy trial
and is still captain Conan with the
initiative but he hasn't shaken off the
four rivals behind him
rebel rebellions coming right back at
them sigh the gerousia on the inside
still travels were
here's the second-last now at captain
Conant cider Grucci reverently the third
intention his Excellency's tales
flashing again he looks beaten today
though up towards the final fence
captain Conan sadly grouchy tackle him
on the inside
and now they settle down to fight it out
sada Guruji laying it down now to
captain Conan who has to pick up a bit
here and does so under Barry Garrity and
captain Conan finds plenty for the width
and goes on to make a winning chase
debut from Santa Cruz in second and then
third intentioned rebel rebellion his
Excellency and enugu expected and
delivers captain coded wins and his
chase debut in fine fashion for Barry
Garrity and Nicky Henderson and beats
into second side Taguchi for Jamie Moore
and Garry Moore who really tried to laid
it down to the favorite from the final
fence but captain Cloonan had too much
for them coming up the hill in third
place it was later said she was never
really traveling and got closest and
most effective towards the finish for
Joe and Colin tasered
fourth was rebel rebellion fifth his
Excellency his round of jumping was
marred by errors and well-beaten was
enugu the winner a really good start to
his chasing career yes